Here's challenge: Writing a script to generate two different reports based on the ranking of errors generated by the system and the user usage statistics for the service.

First, import all the Python modules that i'll use in this Python script. After importing the necessary modules, initialize two dictionaries: one for the number of different error messages and another to count the number of entries for each user (splitting between INFO and ERROR).

Now, parse through each log entry in the syslog.log file by iterating over the file.

For each log entry, i'll have to first check if it matches the INFO or ERROR message formats. I should use regular expressions for this. When i get a successful match, add one to the corresponding value in the per_user dictionary. If i get an ERROR message, add one to the corresponding entry in the error dictionary by using proper data structure.

After i've processed the log entries from the syslog.log file, i need to sort both the per_user and error dictionary before creating CSV report files.

Keep in mind that:

    The error dictionary should be sorted by the number of errors from most common to least common.
    The user dictionary should be sorted by username.

Insert column names as ("Error", "Count") at the zero index position of the sorted error dictionary. And insert column names as ("Username", "INFO", "ERROR") at the zero index position of the sorted per_user dictionary.

After sorting these dictionaries, storing them in two different files: error_message.csv and user_statistics.csv.

Saving the ticky_check.py file.


Extra : csv to html.
